Let's break down the `_document.js` page we've just created. First, we start by importing
the Document class, which we're going to extend to add our custom scripts. We then
import four mandatory components in order for our Next.js application to work:
- `Html`: The <html> tag for our Next.js application. We can pass any standard
HTML property (such as lang) to it as a prop.
- `Head`: We can use this component for all the tags common to all the application
pages. This is not the Head component we've seen in the previous chapter. They
behave similarly, but we should use it only for code that is common to all the
website pages.
- `Main`: This will be the place where Next.js renders our page components. The
browser won't initialize every component outside <Main>, so if we need to share
common components between our pages, we should place them inside the _app.
js file.
- `NextScript`: If you've tried to inspect an HTML page generated by Next.js, you
may have noticed that it adds some custom JavaScript scripts to your markup.
Inside those scripts, we can find all the code required to run client-side logic, React
hydration, and so on.

Removing any of the preceding four components will break our Next.js application, so
make sure to import them before editing your `_document.js` page.

Just like `_app.js`, `_document.js` does not support server-side data fetching methods
such as `getServerSideProps` and `getStaticProps`. We still get access to the
`getInitialProps` method, but we should avoid putting data fetching functions inside
it as this would disable automatic site optimization, forcing the server to server-side
render the page on each request.